Tell me about a time when you had to re-think your approach on a project because you received new information

As an ML Intern at Shopify, I was working on a very fast paced team and was tasked with creating a diversifier using the MMR algorithm as a base. I implemented the post processing step and ran evaluations to collect initial data. I compiled all the data for presentation, but simultaenously, the composite version was being updated, so I had to run evaluations again for the new version. This was pretty straightforward as I was just told there was a new version and I ran the same evaluations again but with that modification. However, I then ran into an error where no products would load into my evaluation. There were no logs in my terminal that could tell me why, so I was troubleshooting by taking the run_id and checking Big Query to see what there was available to see. There were records, so I tried running manually, and it worked, but when I ran the script again, which initiated a DAG, that's when it didn't work again. I asked someone more senior than me if there was a tool for me to check DAGs and they provided me a link. I then saw that my DAG was failing due to a check that was also recently implemented. I was then able to reference other parts of the code base that it was recently added to then add it to my own part of the code as well. Now that it was updated, I was able to run my evaluations and present the data in time before the next adjustment was made. 

This experience made me completely rethink how two approach tasks. This was my first time on a fast-paced team where other people's contributions constantly touch your own work, so I had to re-approach this as being a contributor to a whole and defaulting to looking at other people's work for context versus working more in a silo. 